10/6/15
=======

##### DOM Crawler basic
*	Goutte uses [Symfony Dom Crawler](http://symfony.com/doc/current/components/dom_crawler.html)
*	[another basic intro](http://stackoverflow.com/a/19257829/1369136)
*	my understanding: crawler is a very capable DOM content object able to navigate and manipulate DOM content. `Goutte\Client` is able to do http actions to fetch data from url. 

##### Status and TODO:
*	Now I am able to click links through home page, click each job post link and then fetch each job post content in `actionTrypostlink` function of `ScrapeController`. use command: `./yii scrape/trypostlink`
*	ToDo: create a organized model to do the job, create database to store post data.


10/7/15
=======

##### some Yii tips
*	`yii/base/Object` features:		
	-	able to add/set properties with built in get/set function	
	-	the contructor can add config array into the object, and call `init()` for you.
	-	if you override `__construct()`, call `parent::__construct($config);` at the end, and `$config` array should be the last parameter in constructor
*	`yii::config` and `yii::createObject`:
	- `yii::createObject` creates a new object using the given configuration. support configuration using  class name, a configuration array or an anonymous function.
	- `yii::config` just add config array into the object
*	`yii/base/Component` features: besides *property*, it adds *behavior* and *event*

10/10/15
========

##### some weried git status show all files changed from `old mode 100644` to `new mode 100755`
It seems file permission changed from 644 to 755, but git should not care about it. do `git config core.filemode false` [link](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1257592/how-do-i-remove-files-saying-old-mode-100755-new-mode-100644-from-unstaged-cha) to disable that.

##### how to change PATH permenanently on ubuntu virtual box?
example: add `/home/vagrant/.composer/vendor/bin` into PATH:

	sudo vi ~/.profile
	#add this:
	export PATH=$PATH:/home/vagrant/.composer/vendor/bin
	#now save it and to make it effect immediately, run
	. ~/.profile
[reference](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11709374/change-path-permanently-on-ubuntu)


#### Codeception tips:

##### 1. how to get started with Codeception in Yii project?
*	follow the `test/README.md` to install codeception globally, add composer's `vendor/bin` into PATH, now you can run `codecept` wherever.
*	go to rootdir/test folder, run `codecept build`, codeception will pick up the `codeception.yml` file and build test suits.  
*	run `codecept run` to run all test suits. if only care about unit test, run `codecept run unit`
*	to generate a example test in unit folder, do `codecept generate:test unit example`, but if i want to generate a unit test case for a example class under "models", do `codecept generate:test unit models/Example`


##### 2. Question: how to do unit test for functions in `BaseModel` ???
*	Very confused. for example, `clickLinkInHomePage` function has so many dependencies on 
`Goutte\Client` functions, should I mock them all?



