11/19/15
========


##### 1. html encode: what is `%20` in url?
*	URLs cannot contain spaces. URL encoding normally replaces a space with a plus (+) sign or with %20.


##### 2. temp: 
*	to fetch html link and render content correctly, we do not need to use `utf8_decode($html)`, just echo it out.

*	now i am able to get to each ad, next step will be fetch ad's title and content!

*	commands to try out:  `./yii scrape/trywj2` to render one ad item content, `./yii scrape/trypostdata` to render list of ad links fetched from ad category

*	I am working on WJModel right now, in step3

*	symfony apis: [browserkit\client](http://api.symfony.com/2.0/Symfony/Component/BrowserKit/Client.html#method_request), [crawler](http://api.symfony.com/2.7/Symfony/Component/DomCrawler/Crawler.html#method_link), [crawler doc](http://symfony.com/doc/current/components/dom_crawler.html)

#### 3. what data do I need to fetch from wj?
*	title, content, location, website, section, (original_link will be added later)
*	sample post from wj:
	```
	'title' : 'L.I. Japanese Hiring Servers 631.486.8900',
	'content' : 'Long Island Japanese Hiring Experienced Servers..另请有领导能力铁板大师傅。 Call 631.486.8900 or 631.838.9990',
	'location' : '长岛 / Long Island',
	'website:' : 'http://www.wjlife.com',
	'section' : 'ny-10-restaurant-positions-wanted'
	```



11/22/15
========

##### 1. PHP: find matching text in multiple line of string
*	The easy way is to split the string into an array of single lines by `explode("\n", $str)`, and do `preg_match($pattern, $str, $matches)` for each line or for certain line.
*	Note that you have to use a double-quoted string, so \n is actually interpreted as a line-break. [ref:so](http://stackoverflow.com/a/1483501/1369136), [php doc](http://php.net/manual/en/language.types.string.php#language.types.string.syntax.double)

##### 2. PHP: calculate function run time
*	Use `microtime(true)`, it returns a float, which represents the current time in seconds 
	```php
	$time_start = microtime(true);

	// Sleep for a while
	usleep(100);

	$time_end = microtime(true);
	$time = $time_end - $time_start;
	```
##### 3. PHP: generator
*	Now php 5.6 import the `generator` concept from other languages and it is nice to use it to reduce memeory footage. 
*	A generator looks exactly like normal function, except it does not return value, it `yield` value. 
*	When a generator function is called, it returns an object that can be iterated over. When you iterate over that object (for instance, via a foreach loop), PHP will call the generator function each time it needs a value, then saves the state of the generator when the generator yields a value so that it can be resumed when the next value is required. [PHP doc](http://php.net/manual/en/language.generators.syntax.php)
*	Sample generator code:
	```php
	/*
	 * The input is semi-colon separated fields, with the first
	 * field being an ID to use as a key.
	 */

	$input = <<<'EOF'
	1;PHP;Likes dollar signs
	2;Python;Likes whitespace
	3;Ruby;Likes blocks
	EOF;

	function input_parser($input) {
	    foreach (explode("\n", $input) as $line) {
	        $fields = explode(';', $line);
	        $id = array_shift($fields);

	        yield $id => $fields;
	    }
	}

	foreach (input_parser($input) as $id => $fields) {
	    echo "$id:\n";
	    echo "    $fields[0]\n";
	    echo "    $fields[1]\n";
	}
	```

##### 4. PHP: change php maximum executation time
*	`set_time_limit(int $second)`
*	by default, `max_execution_time` value defined in the `php.ini` sets the default executation time to 30 seconds [php doc](http://php.net/manual/en/function.set-time-limit.php)
*	but where is `php.ini` file in ubuntu? since we run php plugin in apache, `/etc/php5/apache2/php.ini` is for the PHP plugin used by Apache. This is the one you need to edit for changes to be applied for your Apache setup. [ref](http://askubuntu.com/questions/356968/find-the-correct-php-ini-file), but you can also `echo phpinfo();` to see the configuration file [ref](http://askubuntu.com/a/371440)


##### 5. How to use configuration to create a Yii2 component?
*	Situation: you want to be able to use config file to setup initial properties ino your Model, so that you don't have to modify settings in your Model class's code. So you might need to use Yii's configuration to help you.
*	1. create your class, which needs to extend `component` class
*	2. register the class in configuration
	```php
	   'components' => [
			'yourClass' => [
		           'class' => 'path\to\your\class',
			],
	],
	```
*	3. Now you can use it anywhere:  `Yii::$app->yourClass->method`
*	4. [awesome turorial](http://www.bsourcecode.com/yiiframework2/how-to-create-custom-component-in-yii2-0-framework/)
*	5. But I still have one issue, if `yourClass` has a property which is an object, I cann't find a way to init this property by using configration. I ask [this question on stackoverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/33850960/how-to-inject-class-dependency-in-yii2-configuration), hopefully someone can help me


#### DONE:
*	crawl worldjournal ad, and save ad data into database and create a cron job to crawl ads every hour. 
*	use configuration instead of class constructor to init class properties, make customization much simpler.

#### TODO:
*	Refactor craigslist code, using configuration to init model's properties.
*	Find a way to detect duplicate link, so I do not need to crawl again. (by ad link?)
*	Then deploy code to DigitalOcean.
*	write methods to extract phone number from wordjournal
*	use existing machine learning algorithms to extract key words in the ads. So I can classify them and find identical ads. 

















